README.md, before:

```
        __--==--__       
      /.!???J5PY7A.\     
     |:GBPGB#BBB#PO|     
     |^75#5YYPGY?YD|     
      :JGP!BBB!JY5^      
      .^7YP@@@PY!^       
         .7G&BJ:         
         ~JG#BGY          ____  _          _                   _              
        .P5?Y?5B:        (  __)(_)        ( )                 ( )             
     ..!J@@BJB@&P!.:     | |_   _  ____  _| | ___  __       __| |_  ___  ____ 
    ~5G57YB&&&B57YPJ     ( __) ( )( __ )/ o )( o_)( _) ___ / /( _ )( o )( __ )
         ::::::.         /_\   /_\/_\/_\\___\ \(  /_\      \_\/_\||/_^_\/_\/_\
```

# file-finder-pyqt

PyQt program for finding text files by name or content.

### License

The content of this repository is protected by the Mozilla Public License 2.0. 

Permissions of this weak copyleft license 
are conditioned on making available source code of licensed files and modifications of those files under the same license 
(or in certain cases, one of the GNU licenses). Copyright and license notices must be preserved. Contributors provide 
an express grant of patent rights. However, a larger work using the licensed work may be distributed under different 
terms and without source code for files added in the larger work. 

See the [LICENSE](https://github.com/Keworker/file-finder-pyqt/blob/master/LICENSE) for more information.

Commit message:

Update README.md (add contributing info, fix style).

README.md, after:

```
    __--==--__     
  /.!???J5PY7A.\   
 |:GBPGB#BBB#PO:|  
 |^75#5YYPGY?YD^|  
  :JGP!BBB!JY5^:   
  .^7YP@@@PY!^     
     .7G&BJ:       
     ~JG#BGY        ____  _          _                   _              
    .P5?Y?5B:      (  __)(_)        ( )                 ( )             
 ..!J@@BJB@&P!.:   | |_   _  ____  _| | ___  __       __| |_  ___  ____ 
~5G57YB&&&B57YPJ   ( __) ( )( __ )/ o )( o_)( _) ___ / /( _ )( o )( __ )
     ::::::.       /_\   /_\/_\/_\\___\ \(  /_\      \_\/_\||/_^_\/_\/_\
```

# file-finder-pyqt

PyQt program for finding text files by name or content.

## Contributing

If you would like to contribute to this repository,
please see [our contributing guide](https://github.com/Keworker/file-finder-pyqt/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

If you want to contribute but haven't got any ideas,
you can check [open issues](https://github.com/Keworker/file-finder-pyqt/issues) and try to solve some of them.

## License

The content of this repository is protected by the Mozilla Public License 2.0.

Permissions of this weak copyleft license are conditioned on making available source code of licensed files
and modifications of those files under the same license (or in certain cases, one of the GNU licenses).
Copyright and license notices must be preserved. Contributors provide an express grant of patent rights.
However, a larger work using the licensed work may be distributed under different terms and without source code
for files added in the larger work.

See the [LICENSE](https://github.com/Keworker/file-finder-pyqt/blob/master/LICENSE) for more information.

> [Back to top](https://github.com/Keworker/file-finder-pyqt#file-finder-pyqt)
